Q.  How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

A. Yes, rather than having to read the entire file, I could see just the altered
sections.  It is similar to using "find" instead of searching for a word.


Q.  How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a better
programmer in the long term?

A.  By viewing the history, I could learn how a program evolves.  I might avoid
repeating items that did not work or be able to revert to items that used to
work, but dont anymore.


Q. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    
A. Manually committing allows user to chose a logical point to commit such as
after completing a new function or fixing an error.  Automatic commits may save
unfinished updates and code that does not work.  Automatic committs would be helpful
as backup in case a user forgets or is unable to save work.


Q. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A.  Git was designed for projects that depend upon multiple documents.
Google docs is more often used for single documents.


Q. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    
A. git log will show the history of commits in the active directory. Git diff id1 id2
will show the changes between two projects.  Deletions are in red, additions in green.
It is necessary to use the down arrow or enter key to see all the information.  The 
command q for quit will exit the log.


Q. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
    
A. Saving each working version allows easy reversion to the working copy.


Q. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A.  I will use it for a web project of my own and maybe for the next assigned
project.  This is all very new to me.  I best use it as much as possiblle to get used
to it.


